tmsapp
tmsapp.main
//-------- Dispatch --------------
tmsapp.main2.dispatch
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.truck //abstract
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.truck.available
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.truck.detail
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.driver //abstract
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.driver.available
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.driver.detail
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.load //abstract
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.load.form
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.load.available
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.load.tender
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.load.board
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.trip //abstract
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.trip.form
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.trip.active
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.trip.detail
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.trip.pending
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.trip.complete
tmsapp.main2.dispatch.trip.history

//-------- Safety --------------
tmsapp.main2.safety
tmsapp.main2.safety.personnel //abstract
tmsapp.main2.safety.personnel.all
tmsapp.main2.safety.personnel.driver
tmsapp.main2.safety.personnel.driver.form
tmsapp.main2.safety.personnel.driver.detail
tmsapp.main2.safety.personnel.ownerop
tmsapp.main2.safety.personnel.ownerop.form
tmsapp.main2.safety.personnel.ownerop.detail
tmsapp.main2.safety.personnel.officestaff
tmsapp.main2.safety.personnel.officestaff.form
tmsapp.main2.safety.personnel.officestaff.detail
tmsapp.main2.safety.personnel.contact
tmsapp.main2.safety.personnel.contact.form
tmsapp.main2.safety.personnel.contact.detail
tmsapp.main2.safety.equipment //abstract
tmsapp.main2.safety.equipment.all
tmsapp.main2.safety.equipment.truck
tmsapp.main2.safety.equipment.truck.form
tmsapp.main2.safety.equipment.truck.detail
tmsapp.main2.safety.equipment.trailer
tmsapp.main2.safety.equipment.trailer.form
tmsapp.main2.safety.equipment.trailer.detail
tmsapp.main2.safety.equipment.device
tmsapp.main2.safety.equipment.device.form
tmsapp.main2.safety.equipment.device.detail
tmsapp.main2.safety.businesses //abstract
tmsapp.main2.safety.businesses.all
tmsapp.main2.safety.businesses.broker
tmsapp.main2.safety.businesses.broker.form
tmsapp.main2.safety.businesses.broker.detail
tmsapp.main2.safety.businesses.carrier
tmsapp.main2.safety.businesses.carrier.form
tmsapp.main2.safety.businesses.carrier.detail
tmsapp.main2.safety.businesses.other
tmsapp.main2.safety.businesses.other.form
tmsapp.main2.safety.businesses.other.detail
tmsapp.main2.safety.expiration //abstract
tmsapp.main2.safety.expiration.current
tmsapp.main2.safety.expiration.form
tmsapp.main2.safety.expiration.scheduled
tmsapp.main2.safety.expiration.history
tmsapp.main2.safety.maintenance //abstract
tmsapp.main2.safety.maintenance.current
tmsapp.main2.safety.maintenance.form
tmsapp.main2.safety.maintenance.scheduled
tmsapp.main2.safety.maintenance.history
tmsapp.main2.safety.logbook //abstract
tmsapp.main2.safety.logbook.all
tmsapp.main2.safety.ifta //abstract
tmsapp.main2.safety.ifta.carrier
tmsapp.main2.safety.ifta.truck
tmsapp.main2.safety.ifta.state
//-------- Finanace --------------
tmsapp.main2.finance
tmsapp.main2.finance.invoices //abstract
tmsapp.main2.finance.invoices.open
tmsapp.main2.finance.invoices.proccesed
tmsapp.main2.finance.invoices.history
tmsapp.main2.finance.settlement //abstract
tmsapp.main2.finance.settlement.check //abstract
tmsapp.main2.finance.settlement.check.form
tmsapp.main2.finance.settlement.open
tmsapp.main2.finance.settlement.open.detail
tmsapp.main2.finance.settlement.processed
tmsapp.main2.finance.settlement.history
tmsapp.main2.finance.payschedule //abstract
tmsapp.main2.finance.payschedule.schedule
tmsapp.main2.finance.payschedule.form
tmsapp.main2.finance.payschedule.history
//-------- Admin --------------
tmsapp.main2.admin
tmsapp.main2.admin.mycompany
tmsapp.main2.admin.mnguser //abstract
tmsapp.main2.admin.mnguser.user
tmsapp.main2.admin.mnguser.user.form
tmsapp.main2.admin.mnguser.group
tmsapp.main2.admin.mnguser.group.form
tmsapp.main2.admin.mnguser.role
tmsapp.main2.admin.unit //abstract
tmsapp.main2.admin.unit.all
tmsapp.main2.admin.unit.form
tmsapp.main2.admin.unit.detail
tmsapp.main2.admin.announcement
tmsapp.main2.admin.announcement.form
tmsapp.main2.admin.setting
//-------- Productivity --------------
tmsapp.main2.productivity //abstract
tmsapp.main2.productivity.dashboard
tmsapp.main2.productivity.map
tmsapp.main2.productivity.calendar
tmsapp.main2.productivity.calendar.task //abstract
tmsapp.main2.productivity.calendar.task.form
tmsapp.main2.productivity.notification
tmsapp.main2.productivity.message
